{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 cake illutstartion.\
\
ask questions about who has done html. who uses CDT..\
\
introduce our lab helpers.\
raise your hand if you have questions.\
\
flow slide before what we'll cover. explain how it works.\
\
then What we'll cover. then Backbone.js  \
  - backbone - show website\
 \
"secret sauce" to something new.\
\
Slide on OMG TODO LIST.. demo of how it works.\
 - everyone open it up on their machines\
 - code arch of it?\
\
MODULE ONE\
\
little more intr on what we're gonna do now.. STYLE. no interaction yet.\
-webkit border radius to nonprefixed\
"click on the color swatch" say what your'e doing.\
HSL. color wheel? mothereffing\
hsl shift by tens! shift.\
\
\
lea verou's patterns. somehow make it easier for people to c/p it?\
\
\
MODULE TWO\
\
suggested classes to transition. We shoudl ahve these  in place. and transitionend hooks?  add, check and delete.\
\
separate slide for transforms (and i guess transitions)\
\
\
MODULE THREE\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qj\pardirnatural
\cf0 polyfills list.\
show code for detection.\
\
incl modernizr in slides.\
slide on geolocation API.\
\
geolocation code skeleton is present.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
}